# Sprint_Review_and_Retrospective

### How do interpret users needs and implement them into a program? How does creating "user stories" help with this?
* Interpreting users needs begins with by first understanding who your users will be and how they will react or handle your program. Asking questions such as: What would I like in a program? How can this user interface be helpful or guide the user in the right direction? What is the benefit of using this program over others and what problem does it solve? These are all questions that should be accounted for when thinking about the user experience. Creating user stories helps paint a picture of a typcial users experience based on hypothetical or real-world examples of features and functionalities. This helps align the product with the vision of the product and also helps drive the focus of the software towards the user experience at the core.

### How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
* Developing programs requires an understanding of a goal and or a specific problem to be solved. The whole idea of developing a program is to change or make a solution to a problem for either user experience or efficiency. The most important aspect to a project is to lay out the MVP(minimum viable product) and first structuring the program around this idea of minimalism. It's important to focus on functionality first since you want to deliver a solution as fast as possible to begin testing early and fast. This will allow developers to fail early and fail fast since you problems will be more easily discovered and identified early on in development. Once there has been an early version implemented, it's next time to focus on the user experience and begin making user stories. User stories allow for a more specific and desired experience from the view of the user. This helps put perspective into the project and allows for development to be focused solely around the user expereince. This process is repeated throughout the development stage and requires various ways to communicate and collaborate. I hope to incorporate all of the methodologies and idealogies associated with scrum/agile into my future work.

### What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
* The ideal team member will be open to change and is readily accepting of change. The Software development cycle invovles various times of change and could require a complete re-focus on certain aspects in the development process. It's important as a member of a scrum/agile team to be prepared for anything and keep an open mind when it comes to solving problems. Facing problems head on is a great way to learn and gain experience, while also allowing for early testing and failure to shed light on new solutions or improvements. It's important to communicate effectively and actively throughout the entire life cycle and be as clear as possible to avoid confusion or prolonged development. Following a process and meeting team halfway in each role helps provide a balance to the team and allows for each team member to acheive their potential.
